welcome back to my videostudio pro x6
tutorials so in this tutorial I'm going
to be showing you ripple editing
basically what Rep redditing is is the
function to allow you to synchronize all
of your tracks together so for example
if we put a piece of text I'll just drag
in here in line with this piece of video
there you can self split it in the
middle so we've inserted that piece of
text in line with that if we were then
to remove a piece of the video in front
of this video normally the text would
stay where it is and the video would
move away so it would come out of
synchronization so what you need to do
to enable ripple editing is click on
this drop-down menu and tick enable
ripple editing you then need to lock the
tracks together so you need to lock that
one which is one of the texting so now
when we remove this piece of video and I
press delete on the keyboard you'll see
that the text has moved with the video
so it's stayed in synchronization so
this is very useful for when you're
doing big projects and then you come
back to part of it when you're
rewatching it and you think I'll no I
don't want that anymore and then you
just remove a tiny section now if this
wasn't then enabled all of your texts
from that point onwards would be out of
synchronization so this is perfect for
keeping everything in synchronization
when you're editing so hopefully this
has helped you and you might find it
useful in the future when editing I know
it's extremely useful with bigger
projects that you might do so it's
helped me and hopefully it'll help you
so thanks for watching and for any more
videos like this in the future please
just request them below